hungering for something new this summer
hellofresh has got your back
with pre-measured ingredients and easy
to follow directions your new favorite
meal can be prepared in under
30 minutes get 12 free meals including
free shipping
when you use code face 14 at hellofresh
hellofresh.com
face 14.
hello and welcome to another hosa uh
gave one um and then i didn't hear your
hello i heard ello
welcome to you you're open was weird for
me like you didn't discord didn't pick
i'm sure it sounds fine on your end
i just didn't well why don't well why
don't you do it then hello and welcome
to
now yeah i see what you mean you're cut
off from me as well
yeah that's it i got a hello yeah it was
so it sort of caught me off guard then
gavin humped
yeah we need to i need a i need a hard h
in this intro or we're not going to be
able to get started why don't i provide
the
h and andrew continues got it you throw
it out
catch yep okay i'm going to make a
little bit of sound before the h just so
you
definitely get it i'm ready uh
hello and welcome to episode 62.
i believe a face as always you're joined
by myself man with no name jeff ramsey
and gavin free hello back to back how
are you two doing
oh never been better never been never
been better
things are at an all-time high for for
your old pal jeff
how about you guys i you know what jeff
you've gone through a lot of misery
lately it seems with like house stuff
going wrong all sorts of disasters i had
my own disaster
that i wanted to talk about that i was
excited i was excited to talk about it's
very rare that like something horrible
happens i'm like i can't wait to talk
about this because this is one of the
most
absurd me problems i've encountered in a
long time
we've been very cooking centric recently
and it is a cooking thing
but i tried to make ramen and
like ramen's great love ramen don't have
it all that often with or without the
keurig
without the keurig so that's that's an
important no
no cure it because this was i typically
buy and i think most people get the
pre-containered ramen like it's already
in a thing you pour the water into it
you heat the water up didn't you seal it
this was just ramen by itself like a
pot noodle yeah like a like a pot like a
cup of noodle
style thing this is just ramen in a bag
so just noodle
plastic bag got your whatever seasoning
yeah that's how i do my ramen usually
it's just the packet really you do the
packet
that's that's not that's a less it's a
less common i
watched the whole thing about ramen
recently it's not as popular as the
cup cup ramen it's way more pop anyway i
typically get the cup ramen
so i've had this pack ramen and i could
never and i don't know if this is just a
weird in my head thing
i could never get the water boiling
enough i felt like to like
properly heat the ramen like i'd always
feel like i was putting in like
kind of medium heat water and it was
just doing nothing it was just
soggy ramen like it wasn't cooking and
that this would drive me crazy
go ahead so wait so in every recipe that
you've ever made
you struggle with like step one boil the
water
for ramen and in the plastic yeah well
because i just i feel like i don't know
how to like
i don't boil it enough or i just i'm bad
at judging
what does it look like i don't
understand that question what do you
mean what
is it the war is rapidly bubbling
like how do you not understand the
question okay well it's
i you know you get the tiny bubbles you
get the tiny bit yeah yeah i understand
like this is why this is why i open with
i think it's an in my head think i think
i'm probably pouring [__] lava into
the bowl when i do it but in my head i'm
like this isn't boiling enough
i'm not doing enough there's no such
thing as boiling enough boiling it's
boiling or is it
you can't have hotter than boiling and
if it's below that it's not boiling
what it is is i put i put it in the bowl
and then i cover the bowl and i can't
see what the water is doing and in my
head i'm convinced that i've ruined the
boil in the trash why
why are you covering it then well
because you're supposed to keep the heat
in
it's supposed to keep things i don't i'm
just saying i have an irrational
i've always i have a rational thing when
it comes to heat with ramen in the water
i feel like i'm never doing it right
the only thing that's going to affect
your boiling water is your altitude
andrew i feel like you've been very
clear that this is irrational and i feel
like gavin keeps pointing out that it's
irrational but
does this affect you in other things or
is it just in terms of boiling water for
ramen do you have trouble boiling water
for
uh i don't know i was gonna say eggs but
you don't need eggs so i don't know what
else you would boil water yeah i guess
your example would be maybe something
like a tea
yeah or a hot no not really i don't know
why there's something about the fact
that i feel like i'm supposed to be
cooking this
i think there's a weird like thing in my
head of like i'm under cooking the ramen
somehow i'm just ruining it i'm not
having the optimal
ramen experience that i could be having
but i only have this in a bag this isn't
an issue when it's in
a cup for some reason anyway so you
could boil it and pour
into a cup but if you boil it and put
the ramen in
yeah cause it's like i got an open-faced
bowl and i don't know there's just um
i've said this so many times it's not a
rational thing
it's just how my brain is i feel like
i'm losing heat in the transfer
so i've been struggling with like well
how am i gonna do this and so i came up
with
the perfect way to make this and not
have to worry about that
is what if i put the ramen in the
boiling water instead of bringing the
water to the ramen
i didn't have uh i didn't like have a
proper like
pan that i could do that i never even
like occurred to me to use a pan
the pots i have are too big i'm confused
as to your
process before that then because because
isn't that what you do you get a pan
you boil the water and then you drop the
ram in it see that's that's maybe where
our confusion is i've never done that
i've always poured the water out of the
pan into
the bowl with the ramen in it i've never
put the ramen in the bowl
i've been doing it the other way but
you're supposed to boil the
ramen for 30 for three minutes right
well you put it in the hot water for
like three minutes
it's yeah while it boils yeah but like i
guess i don't know i just i've
never it's never occurred to me ramen
okay yeah my mine's bubbling away and
then i chuck the ramen in
and then it bubbles less because the
heat in the water is going into the
ramen
and then you still have the heat on for
a few minutes
and then three minutes later you pour
the sauce in and then you eat it yeah
exactly well i just that's where i was
screwing up
when i was doing it in in a in a package
i would move the water to the thing
because in a cup dangerous
[__] you're just pouring boiling water
into a bowl oh yeah
i'm pouring it into a bowl yeah
absolutely that's that's that was what
happened
so i thought i'm gonna bring the ramen
to the water instead
and so i i put it in a [__] kettle
i've got this big kettle it's like a
ceramic kettle
and it was ground like this is a genius
idea what do you do with pasta
i don't really make pasta all that much
i'm not a big pasta guy i assume you
wouldn't have that in the bowl
yeah i just i feel like that's a bigger
bowl item than a ramen thing
ramen things are small real quick are
you saying
pasta as uh to comfort or swage gavin or
is that also how you say it
i never know if it's past or pasta it's
a chevy chevy chase situation for me i
never know what's right sometimes i say
pasta
sometimes i say pasta just curious
gavin's the only person i know that says
pasta so i
didn't know if it was maybe you and
gavin or maybe it's a canadian british
thing or you were
i don't know just it's like yeah gotcha
much like you jeff i'm trying to just
please people i don't know what they
want me to say i'll say pasta i'll say
pasta it doesn't matter to me
i never know it's correct i don't care
either way i was just curious as to the
the reasoning behind it that's all so i
put the
the [__] ramen in the kettle and it's
boiling hot like it is there's smoke
shooting at the end of it i'm like
this is gonna be great rom so i turn
i turn steam i turn i turn the heat off
i'm like this is really hot i'm going to
turn off and i decide no
i want to turn it back on i want to keep
those bubbles going we got to keep we
got to get a good ramen cook going
i walk away for 30 seconds i come back
all the water's shooting out of the
kettle
covering the electric stovetop smoke is
shooting everywhere
as the water the water hits steam
it's just it's it's going everywhere
there's a smoke alarm that i've set off
nearby
it is 12 45 a.m on a sunday morning and
if my fire alarm goes off
everyone in the building's fire alarm
goes off and at that hour
i feel like there's people are going to
leave the building at this time because
you're going to get a fix going off
this is going to be a problem the steam
set off the
smoke detector well no i was scared it
would because the whole [__] kitchen
just got coated like i couldn't see
it was just everywhere it was sizzling
it's a stove
kettle it's not an electric one no no
it's it's a stone yeah it's like
it's not an electric kettle at all it's
it's like a heavier stone one so then
you're gonna see it in a minute
i panicked i run out of the kitchen i
open up the patio door i'm turning fans
on i am terrified
that this is gonna trigger the alarm it
doesn't we're all good i'm like oh
thank god like this is what a [__]
chaotic mess this is
this is a true disaster i'm gonna i'm
gonna then share so
what i realized i didn't think this
plane through it's really tough to get
ramen out of a kettle
it is not designed to wait
wait go ahead i've just missed an
important part
okay the ramen is inside the kettle yeah
i dropped the ramen in the kettle i was
cooking it all in the cabbage
i missed that pot oh yeah no i put i put
cause all the water is boiling and i
didn't have a pan so i'm cooking
everything within
the kettle what the [__]
because it stays oily it's going to cook
well and it was a great idea i poured it
it's the same as a pan it's the same
it's like
you've put a spout around your pan
that's all you've done
it's well it's a deeper i don't have any
deep pans i feel like the pans i have
would not be deep enough for
water to cook the ramen
how did she cook anything why didn't you
keep saying pan put it in a pot
put it in a pot i feel like you got
cookies in a pan you make
ramen in a pot yeah when i say pan i
mean like saucepan like a
yeah pot that's what i mean okay well
okay you must have those otherwise you
wouldn't be able to know
i have a [__] tank of one okay and it
just seemed absurd to cook this little
square
thing of ramen in a tank of a paint how
did you jam it
and it doesn't seem absurd to jam it
into a tea kettle
you're gonna well i didn't jam it in
okay it fit perfectly fine i put the
ramen in
then all the water started shooting out
the broth and it [__] caused the
smoke steam disaster
we deal with that and then we get to the
part where we need to
pour the ramen out of the kettle and it
is
not easy to do that the shape of it is
inconvenient
so at first because i got so much water
this it's a big kettle so at first i
drained this
literally only thing designed for liquid
only well i
it's you can cook ramen in it too
confirm this you can cook it but can you
get it out
that's the dilemma jeff so i start
draining the broth because there's way
too much broth and i'm like
the kettle's [__] hot how am i gonna
navigate this how am i gonna move it
so my issue is i go to pour the ramen
out of the kettle and then it goes like
it clunks down
the kettle joined with the bowl
it locked into each other they became
trapped
i could not remove the kettle from the
bowl that i was trying to pour it into
and the bowl is half filled so we're
gonna put this image in this is exactly
so you're about to see what happened
to me so i'm trying to pour
the noodles in to the bowl that's not a
kettle
it is that's absolutely a kettle how is
that a kettle
what what is it talking about that's a
kettle what do you mean it's a fancy
it's like a it's a ceramic kettle uh
where's the top so the top pops off so
you see the metal handles on it
you fold up and that locks the top end
you can remove the top of it
okay pan with the lid no it is a i will
[__] take a photo of this kettle
later fully formed and you will see it's
a goddamn thing
just trust me it is a fancy nice goddamn
kettle
i don't understand the difficulty
getting it out then because you're just
getting it out like you would any pot no
because it's okay so it's super hard to
hold and because it's [__] hot cause
it's been on an oven forever i have to
hold the metal handle part
and it's just not easy to navigate plus
with broth i'm putting into a small bowl
but the real problem of this story gavin
is it's now
locked itself to the bowl i cannot move
either thing
i do have oven mitts nick there's in the
[__] photo it's still
difficult than ever you weren't there
this was a real problem
so is the metal bar that holds the lid
on is it gripped around the bowl
let me show you like yeah so like papa
back
no you [__] idiot yeah just pop it
back like i didn't consider that i spent
20 goddamn minutes you're gonna call me
an idiot you're the one making wrong
noodles look at the handle jeff look at
where it is
just pop it off looking at i'm looking
at the most bizarre kettle on planet
earth
andrew
i cannot i tried to lift the metal part
back it would not work i tried to adjust
it forward would not work
i cannot tilt the bowl because it's
filled with my [__]
broth it's half filled with liquid so
i'm just stuck there
hey gavin 20 minutes trying to solve
this hey gavin
gavin myself look at that gavin gavin
real quick
real quick i'd just like you in this
moment to take one oh let's take a beat
and just realize
this is the person i aligned myself with
in the condiment argument
oh bad next not with i don't
i don't write i don't know why i have
all the things in your cabinets you
picked
this contraption to cook ramen
well it was the the most viable option
that was on on the top of the oven
and i went with it and i didn't expect
it to [__] lock it was like a
facehugger on a bowl like i could not
there is no
there was no hope i tried to teach you
how that kettle would work if there
wasn't ramen in it it i assumed
it's very hot it still has the thing
where you have to pour it from
yeah how do you get the the stuff out
you just you tilt you pour it down the
the front the front end of it what do
you mean
right if you could do that then why
didn't you do that with a ramen
because there's way too much ramen to do
it and it would just fall all over the
place i had to kind of guide it into the
bowl
surely you did that with the broth no i
did with the broth
i got a cup and i put it in and i i
drained the broth that way until there
was an adequate amount
but not too much because there was a lot
of liquid in that kettle it's a big
kettle
the real dilemma you're [__] caught
up on this wrong details
i almost burnt the kitchen down and then
i'm just trying to pour my ramen just
have a nice little evening treat
and i it a lot i don't i can't even
speak
it latches onto the ball so by the looks
of it judging by the top
image there are two metal latches
yes right so did they swing up over a
little they swing and then yeah
and then you would hold them both
together as your handle
yes absolutely that is how right okay
and then that weird that handle is the
uh
off the side is the spout i guess yes
the thing to the left that extends out
that is the same that is not metal it's
the same it's all part of the same thing
and no point with this device are you
ever expected to
decant out the side while it's hot no
it is not designed for that it's not
designed for ramen i mean we went over
this it was just a used best thing
available
and it got latched on i didn't know what
to do because i couldn't push it forward
i couldn't pull the handle off of it off
the back because it went down and
under and over you truly if you're
listening to this and you truly need to
go and find the image
on uh we will make sure we get because i
i don't know how i would have described
it's not what you're thinking of if
you're picturing a kettle
i promise you if you this is not a
situation where you can take what andrew
said
and draw his room from it you will not
get to the kettle
bowl situation that you've got in front
of you standard handles a part of the
cat is swung down and mated with the
underside of the ball
and it appears to be like a nice ceramic
bowl
i also like the fact that you've got
yourself a drink you're like i mean this
for the long run
is
i did not butter my ramen okay yeah i
had my water i was gonna just have a
nice
nice what flavor what flavor is this
ramen it's a chicken ramen jeff that's a
great question we're gonna pivot i don't
think i've told this story
but the moment it latched on reminded me
to one other time in my life
you know when you were like a kid i'm
gonna assume everyone did this and
it's not just a weird me thing you'd
have like a cup of water on the table
and you'd like try to see if you could
make a seal by sucking on it and then
like lift the glass off the table
am i the only one that did this have any
any idea what i'm talking about
continue i'm just asking that was a
question if either of you've done i've
i've
not i've never tried to blow a glass of
water now
not blow you suck it's a sucking thing
it's not a belonging
why what's the goal of it well it's just
to like create i don't know it's like a
dumb
i'm a kid this is gonna be goofy i'm
lifting a glass of water without using
my hands like i'll create a seal by
sucking onto the top of it
it'll form around my mouth and then i
can lift the glass up i think i've done
that
you think you've done it i feel like
that's not like the craziest of kid
thinks
but with gloss yeah well maybe like a
cup it doesn't have to be a glass
it's just what came to mind just
elevating using suction to lift
something like a
a drinking thing off the table when i
was
i'm gonna say 14 maybe 13 14 in that
range
it's 2 a.m and you know vos water and
they have like those giant
caps i don't know if you're familiar
with yes but they have massive
yeah they have massive silver bottle
caps and i i had one on my desk
and it was 3 a.m and i thought about
being a kid
and creating that seal and like sucking
it up and i was like i'm gonna suck up
this bottle cap just lift it without my
hands
the dumb 3am idea i sucked it in
it slid from my upper lip down and
locked onto my lower jaw like it looped
around my chin perfectly and it claimed
once it was the exact it's the most
secured clamp i've ever experienced and
it that's what it felt like when the
the kettle it fell securely
and attached to your chin it attached to
my chin and it hurt
like a [__] it was so bad it was
like just the worst pain i struggled to
remove it from my chin
i eventually did it took like probably
two minutes i got it off
it's like that was stupid i'm never
gonna do that again what a dumb thing i
went to bed i wake up
going to my kitchen my mom says why do
you have dirt on your face
that's like what do you mean i don't
have dirt on my face she's like get over
here she tried to like
clean the dirt i gave myself
two giant hickeys that were like
it sealed so tightly the lid gave me
hickeys down like my left and right side
it was truly like a hickey goatee
well how did you get multiples did it
like well because it clamped on both
sides yeah it clamped on both sides like
it was a circular cap
it clamped on both sides and i had equal
goatee hickeys down the left and right
side of my chin
it was so embarrassing i didn't know how
to lie about that injury
like so if somebody brought it up i'd be
like i fell into a fence like i didn't
know what to say like
i didn't want to say that i gave myself
hickeys by sucking out a bottle cap by
accident because
it's a dumb thing but as soon as that
[__] kettle locked onto that ball
that's immediately what i thought of was
that bottle cap because i was like
i'm [__] how do i do that this bowl is
gonna get hickey this bowl is gonna get
two massive goatee hickeys
i cannot have this this is a great bowl
so eventually i decided this is what i'm
gonna do i need to
tilt everything to its side that's the
only way to get this bowl out of here
but to do that i need to obviously get
it underneath a pot
why didn't you just drag the bar back
towards the
i couldn't it would not let me like it's
it the it
do you see how like the the width of it
went beyond
what the yes the lip of the bowl was
further out than what the metal thing
would let me pull
i could not reverse the pull it was
latched on and there's nothing the only
way i could get it out
is if i lifted it and like pulled it up
and over the kettle was the only thing
so i got a bowl
i'm like i'm just gonna pour everything
into this pot and we're we're fine and
i'll just pour it from the pot
and to another bowl so the handle swings
over
mates to that one too
so what happens is i lift the kettle and
i start moving the bowl and then this
happens
immediately
the ball instantly shut that's how tight
the clamp was like as soon as i moved it
a slight bit
the ball shatters in half my broth leaks
out onto the counter and i just watch
sad
as it goes over the side hits the floor
and it's just done so then i panic i
grab napkins i clean it up
and that was my ramen i was trying to
make ram and i broke the that that looks
like a bowl that's been in your family
for years
it's an old bowl yeah i don't know i
don't think it's valuable or anything
it's just it's a nice bowl
did you get in trouble for breaking it
no no it's just my bowl
dude i'm sorry i'm sorry you lost a bowl
did you no let me ask you a question
were you able to salvage any of that
ramen or did you oh i ate all over again
i ate all the ramen but it was
breathless
it was it was a sad it wasn't great it
was a bad ramen experience did you get
any uh
fun ceramic chunks it broke so cleanly
it it's in three pieces it was a clean
it's good like it's easy to fix i'm
gonna try to glue it back together
just haven't done it yet if that's if
there's a pop missing it probably means
someone's trying to kill you though
[Laughter]
what uh let me ask you a question what
did you like did you glean any insights
from this experience is there anything
that you've decided to take i'm not
gonna
i'm not gonna cook ramen in a kettle
going you you shouldn't do anything with
that cow you should bend that thing
no it's a great kettle
the bowl is my fault i put the bowl in
that position
i put the angle where it was why not get
a kettle with a spout that has just had
a lid on it
it's like that scene in 127 hours when
it locked you know
where like the boulder is on the guy's
hand he's just like this is my life i
can't
wow that happened that was the that was
the click once it clicked on i was like
this is just i can't reverse this
we gotta deal with this somehow
i'll be surprised if that's ever
happened to anyone else
it was just like the most absurd chaotic
i almost set the kitchen on fire that i
broke a bowl using a kettle because the
handle
you should sue the kettle company
because this is how warnings get on
ladders
you the end result could be you could be
a warning on
all kettles going forward that could be
your legacy
i'm gonna try and find a stove top
kettle i wish i knew the name of it try
to find his kettle
yeah oh my god the one of the first
things
is it my kettle is like a hook over
lidded k
i've never i can't believe i've never
seen maybe they're more common than i
thought
but put a link it i want to see i think
that actually might be the same kettle
well it's not the same but that has a
complete spout it's not like a half
spout
no that's a half spell that's that's it
looks like the top comes off yeah yeah
oh so the other half of the spout is on
the lid yeah
the other yeah the lid completes the
spout as next
um looking at it i'm i think it it seems
it's weird
uh seems like a functional tea kettle
would not probably try to make anything
other than tea in it
yeah i think that's a good idea oh
that's like a little dangly tea
container yeah does yours have the
dangly tea container in it
uh no i don't think it does i'm not
seeing any warning to not cook
ramen in there yeah that's a two hundred
dollar kettle
it's a fancy kettle it's a nice kettle
was yours similar
it is similar i don't think it's that
exact one but it's it's a similar idea
wow well i i feel uh i feel dumb then i
guess i've never just i've just never
seen that style interesting kettle uh
flex there
yeah i mean you know i gotta flex where
i can't jeff
i got sushi containers on the floor i
gotta have like i gotta have something
that bowl flexed real nice
the ball completely shattered i i love
any story of pictures in your kitchen
they're always
summer is here and the living ain't easy
if you've got swamp ass
how will you stay on top of your sweaty
bottom
why try a refreshing spray from a hello
tushy bidet
keep your sweaty crack clean all summer
long they write this stuff not me with
the brand new hello tushy 3.0 modern
bidet attachment
it is stylish it is eco-friendly and
it's a refreshing little shower for your
butthole
the hellotushy 3.0 clean soggy butts
like a champ
but it doesn't stop there it cleans
itself with the smart spray
automatic self-cleaning nozzle this
thing loves to clean it cleans you it
cleans it it's like
god i wish i wish i could get it to
clean my oven honestly i wonder if i
installed
a toilet facing well we'll we'll look
into that
no one wants to work up a sweat in a
hundred degree heat and if you live like
i do in texas it's a hundred degrees
uh three hundred days a year that's why
the hello toshiba day attaches to your
existing toilet with no electricity or
extra plumbing needed
and hello tissue cuts toilet paper use
by 80 percent
so it'll pay for itself in a few months
and all of those ants will thank you
plus hello tishi's got your ass covered
with a 60-day risk-free guarantee
and a 12-month warranty if you've
already got a hello tushy
why not upgrade to the 3.0 model defeat
swamp
ass go to hellotushy.com face to get 10
off plus free shipping this is a special
offer for our listeners
at hellotushy.com face for ten percent
off
hellotushy.com face we all take little
risks every day when we go online
whether we think about it or not we
think our connection probably won't be
interrupted by hackers
our data probably won't be used against
us
all of my uh i don't know uh collectible
spoon and thimble browsing
probably won't fall into the evil cabal
of
ceramic uh militant anti-spoon and
thimble
uh aficionados but using the internet
without expressvpn
why that's like driving your car without
insurance
why take the risk every time you connect
to an unencrypted network
cafes hotels airports all the places
that you go
any hacker on the same network can gain
access to your personal data
whether it's your passwords your
financial details
uh all your save files and angry birds i
don't know
but it doesn't take much technical
knowledge to hack somebody just some
cheap hardware
a smart 12 year old could do it average
intelligence 12 year old could probably
do it
and your data is valuable whether you
realize it or not
hackers can make up to a thousand
dollars per person just selling personal
info on the dark web
expressvpn acts as an online insurance
for you it creates a secure encrypted
tunnel between your device
and the internet so the hackers can't
steal your personal data like your spoon
shopping
habits it would take a hacker with a
super computer over a billion years
to get past expressvpn's encryption and
then into
the uh in into the the nether reaches
the the
dark areas of your computer where you
hide all of your your thimble
collections
uh ceramic or metal and expressvpn is
simple to use
on all of your devices just fire up the
app and click one button to get
protected
secure your online data today by
visiting expressvpn.com
face that's e-x-p-r-e-s-s-v-p
in dot com slash face and you can get an
extra three months
free expressvpn
face it was the time
what about you guys how how are how well
i think you should be looking for larger
signs larger meanings in these things
that are happening these minor
inconveniences
for example i'll i'll tell you how my
day started out
yeah well yesterday uh i i need some
tree work done right
um yeah need to have some might some
canopies left that that's a dead tree
and the two trees that died
from the great freeze that i had to have
cut down so i had uh
had some fellas come out yesterday to do
some tree work
because i don't schedule things on
tuesdays and thursdays
because those are the days that i record
annual pass
and uh this podcast currently and
uh so i try to avoid
anything any people in and around my
house those days i need
not only quiet so that i can record
because i'm recording at home but i also
to be honest with you uh takes a little
bit of preparation to get ready to
record podcasts
and so it's nice to have a little bit of
uh time to gather my thoughts you know
uh so wednesday was yesterday i had some
fellas come out to look at doing some
tree work
and i thought they were gonna do it then
they did not they said well we'll give
you a quote it's going to be this much
we said okay cool when will you do it
and they said it'll be a couple days
we'll call we'll we'll call you
and get you on the schedule right and
get you on the books like no problem
this morning i got up emily went to work
i had coffee with minor league fan jack
this morning and uh so i left my house
at
8 45 or so to go see minor league jack
came home at 10 to uh what appeared to
be like
12 dudes in various trees around my
house with chainsaws
just going [__] ham all over my yard
which is super appreciated you know i
wanted to get the work done
would have appreciated a heads up
probably would have told him not today
because i need to record uh audio
podcast
there there were if there was if there
was was one chainsaw there were 20.
there were i saw at least four chainsaws
going it was very loud
so uh i was like i look at my watch i'm
like well [__]
uh i got three hours maybe they'll be
done and then i
you know went about my life proceeded to
uh get ready for the podcast as much as
i can
amongst all the noise i super appreciate
that they're doing the work
doing great work as we get closer to the
podcast
i have a i have arrow in her crate
because i have to leave the door open
for her
uh otherwise you know if she encounters
one ounce of resistance
she will just piss and [__] immediately
where she is yeah so
i have to i have her in the crate she's
napping uh and i'm getting ready for the
podcast about 15 minutes before the
podcast
starts the last one we recorded i've
given up on the idea that there won't be
chainsaws i'm just hoping that you all
don't hear them
judged by the fact that uh i haven't
heard
from you guys complain i don't think
that you did at any point nice
yeah you also didn't notice when i got
up in the middle of a podcast and left
to go
tour the yard and give the guy a check
but all that happened while we were
recording as well
in this one uh the last episode yeah and
uh
why well i had because the guy rang my
doorbell and i had to go talk to him
maybe say that though we could have just
stopped what would we do
don't worry about it say it'd be a fun
game for the audience see if you can go
back in time and figure out
when i was paying a bill uh anyway so uh
about at about so we recorded one today
at about
12 45 uh i realized we're still doing
uh it and uh it actually wasn't
it might have overlapped with the
discord disconnect but it wasn't had
nothing to do with it
so i'm answering nick in the chat uh so
it's 15 minutes to go we're about to
record i'm trying to figure out how the
[__] i'm gonna
communicate with you two when i'm uh so
disappointed in you both
uh in the moment and uh trying to
collect my thoughts listening to the
chainsaw realizing that that's that's
just
i'm just gonna have to deal with that
there's no way the universe is gonna let
me off the hook on the chainsaw stuff
uh anyway and then arrow barks once i
hear her
i'm gonna go all right uh she probably
wants to get out and go to the bathroom
i can't really let the door open though
because there's dudes outside with
chainsaws and it would scare henry and
it might scare arrow
you know and so but i get up to go check
on her
and as i uh and by the way this i'm
already you guys i already have discord
open i'm about to join the chat room i
see you guys in there
and arrow barks once so i go into the
into the laundry room and she's standing
in her crate pissing all over it
and i go wow that was the one bark
notice
i got great so i open the crate up uh
and of course the underside of her is
covered in piss
and of course all of her bedding is
covered in piss so i take her out and i
give her a little
quick bath in the in the hallway there
still can't you know i'm still not going
outside
because of all the chainsaws and stuff
and and so i get i wet some towels down
and i scrub her clean and i get her nice
and clean and i think well at least
she's peed now so
uh i don't have to worry about her
having you know barking while i'm doing
the podcast or whatever and
then i take her bedding and i take the
all the bedding out of her
crate and i start washing it and then i
scrub the bedding
or i scrub the bottom of the crate uh
because there's a little bit of pee
there and get it all cleaned up and then
i stand up and i look and i'm like oh i
have like
seven minutes i did it pretty fast i'm
feeling pretty good about that
i turn around to see a line of uh dog
[__] across my house
uh she didn't just have to pee she had
to [__] and you know arrow doesn't like
to [__] all at once she likes to make a
journey out of it uh like a maybe it's
bread comes so she can find her way back
to the original turd i don't know
but uh so then i had to uh clean a rug
and clean up four piles of dog [__]
all then to race back in and sit down
with one minute to go
to start the podcast with you lovely
people and
i got to thinking why i was telling you
andrew you should look for larger
meanings in life i realized
that this is my fault because i i got on
my high horse
and i i said i understand that my place
in the universe is
on a level that is par with [__] but
that that was where i
i misspoke i misread the tea leaves what
the message was
is i'm not on a level as as [__] i am
one level below
[__] so i apologize to the universe
for for attempting to say that i am of
the level of feces
i recognize that i am i'm more like the
universe's doormat
and i'm the thing that like you guys
when you go into your house and you
don't want to bring [__] into your home
or into your lives you'd like to leave
the [__] outside
so you wipe your shoes off the mud and
the [__] you wipe it off on a door i am
the universe's shitty doormat
uh is is uh what i've gleaned from
uh well 46 years but certainly from
today and so i was i would say to you
andrew maybe
maybe look for there the universe might
be telling you something uh in that
kettle story
that's hmm i'll have to analyze
what it is telling me i do have
it's an unrelated update but i feel like
i need to offer you
an official apology jeff about what the
universe is spoken
in a weird way we made fun of your your
your recipe
i don't want to go back to the whole
condiment thing but
i just uh i just i just got this
notification
a french fry company has responded to my
family recipe
which is your recipe calling it
absolutely delicious
your recipe is approved by a
fry company i feel like it officially is
in the condiment thing i can't argue
against the verified
i don't know but it just happened
universe works in weird ways
jeff i apologize yours is absolutely a
condiment
well apology accepted thank you andrew
uh and they do make tots
uh yeah but uh i don't think the
universe wants me to win
any so um you know i i don't know or duh
potatoes they side with you that's a win
and so you gotta win
you won a lot in vegas you've got some
wins i thought
i would go a day without cleaning up
[__] but i did not
i did not do you have like a board in
your house at this point of like days
since i've had the clean [__] you're
just constantly
no there would be no past one that would
be no it would just be yeah it'd be
extra work to erase it every day
do they make it like a special [__] back
no i don't know
i don't know i don't know do you have to
deal [__] in vegas
kind of i was in vegas fair enough
a fair point vegas is [__] man i'm
vaccinated and all
and and yeah but man vegas is a is a
throng of people
and well you just really tested out that
obnoxious yeah scary people
man vega scares the [__] out of me it
just you always just see
crazy stuff like i was just behind i was
behind someone i know
watching them play roulette some guy
walks up
drops about five grand on a single
number like the only bet
it immediately lands on that number and
he walks away with close to like 200
grand
without even changing his facial
expression
and i just looked at the person i was
with i was like what has happened
like what just what just happened right
in front of us and was that normal for
that guy
that way it was mental what's the odds
of that it's like 30 something to one
he's probably like uh keep it together
keep it together yeah you look you look
cool right now
freaking hotel room the coolest moment
of my life because
because in my opinion five grand is an
obscene amount of money to place on a
single bet
like that's a heavy loss but to get
200 like what is it like 180 something
back that's life-changing
yeah it just maybe it just wasn't to him
maybe it was just like
and i'll put it with the others because
he does it all the time yeah we were
just so confused as to like
did he know like how could he know maybe
maybe he was
maybe he was so far in the hole he's
like well that's a start
that is yeah maybe
i just still to this day it like the
whole experience
it was you know slightly amazing but
mostly terrifying
just how it played out in front of us as
if like nothing happened
i just don't want to know anything more
about that guy well that's uh
that's like the fun of most of the fun
of vegas for me especially now that i
don't drink anymore is just
watching people it's like the best
people watching
because it's like it's people that are
it's cutting loose
or you know just going wild or are
losing money and freaking out or winning
money and freaking out
or winning money and being very calm and
collected apparently that's the first
i've heard of that
uh it's just it's just it's never dull
you know
it's a high risk scenario though in
vegas because like let's say
great people watching is like at a
blackjack table but then you have the
pressure if you don't want to be the
person [__] up the table
it is oh yeah the table etiquette i got
called out i was playing
i was doing like an online casino thing
where i was playing blackjack
and i got called out there and i felt
like a little kid in school like even
the dealer was like what are you doing
stop doing that and i just like i wanted
to hide you got called out online
i got called out online just somebody
else up online etiquette
well because i kept splitting tens
because i was like i feel lucky today
and you're not supposed to split tens
it's like a low probability unless
you're in like a tournament is the only
context where you'd want to do that
and uh i guess it's bad table etiquette
so people uh
people like two people at the table are
like that's the third time you split
tens why are you doing that stop
doing that and then the dealer was like
stop the game was telling me like the
math probability of why i shouldn't
split 10
the whole table is mad at me that's just
in my living room and i felt
so embarrassed and like i'm sorry i'm
just i'm playing
i didn't mean to [__] up your thing so
you like on audio like can you hear each
other
uh no i have no audi like you the dealer
has audio nobody else does
you could text chat if you want to i
never do i guess i just don't know the
i don't know the rules of blackjack so i
don't really understand i is
is that the one where you can like wreck
the entire game for everyone else by
what you
by what you're doing i think there are
like certain bad plays and good plays
that it is standard i'm not super
knowledgeable
blackjack you're just trying to get as
close to 21 without going over
yeah you can't really [__] anybody else
over with your bad decisions in black
yeah that's what is craps the one where
it's like
your moves affect everyone else's i mean
if you roll shitty
i think you can in black because i think
it's dependent on like what card the
dealer has so like you can make
bad hits or or like stays depending on
what i just don't understand why if it
doesn't affect
other people at a table why are they
annoyed well because because i'm taking
cards from the chute
that could potentially harm the dealer
and i'm already in an advantageous
position like i'm probably going to win
anyway
so i might just be [__] up for
everybody else and i also i'm already
ruining like a near perfect hand
to like out of greed essentially so
they're upset
but i i stopped playing for like eight
months after that because i was so
embarrassed
like it was just it was like i don't
want the dealer to yell at me that's
just
having some fun have you done real vegas
in front of real people
i've never done real vegas in front of
real people when you do
can i be there yeah you and i will be
we're gonna be like
swingers at like the budget table just
people watching
i think you could be that guy you could
be the guy who walks up to his first
table
drops five grand and walks away with
hundreds of thousands
i would not be able to contain myself i
could not be the calm i would blow the
moment i would immediately
become extremely uncool in everybody's
eyes
it would be very apparent that i was
stunned
i'd not be like this is nothing guy that
couldn't be me another weird vegas
experience i had i got into a i was with
dan we got in a lift
and some other woman got into a lift too
and her
her purse was like overflowing with
chips and she was like spilling them all
over the floor
like on the way to the left and like she
the door closed and she'd lost someone
they were all over the floor of the lift
and we helped to pick them up and they
were all like
thousand dollar chips and i was just
like i had like i had like 10 grand of
hers in my head i was like
oh my god you've she must have had like
80 grandsworth or something
i was just like man you're you're rich
off the off this one vegas trip
did you encounter the person who robbed
the 200 000 guy is this like second part
of the story
like you have you've seen two ends of
this thing without realizing it
just the way she was treating them
though was really mind-blowing
they looked like they were tens or
something but she was just spilling
thousands all over the floor i was like
you left you've left probably two or
three grand outside the lift downstairs
she was like yeah she was really drunk
she was like yeah i don't lose anymore i
was like
oh my god i was tempted to like go back
down
after her what's the [__] the name of
the baron spyro that has like the sack
of gems like this is what i'm imagining
of this woman with like a sack of poker
chips
just leaking out the bottom being
careless yeah we made sure like
we made sure she got to where she was
going without dropping anymore because
she was all over the place and i think
by the time
i don't think either of us went back
down to see if there were any left on
the floor but i assumed someone found
him
[Laughter]
gavin told me that he has great roulette
luck one time i'm 100 on roulette nah
you're not are you one for one are you
like 10 for 10
what's what is 100 for you i'm disputing
this yeah what is your hundred percent
you made it i in my head it you're like
four for four is what yeah like roughly
yeah that's 100 because bernie bernie uh
you know a guy we started or started
roosting with
he likes to brag that he has a perfect
field goal kicking record because he's
one for one
i don't think that counts so gavin might
have be a hundred percent roulette
because he's done played roulette once
and won yeah i did um
i just i went on colors because i don't
understand i i'm just
i don't understand any gambling really
it's like the simplest stuff so i just
like put up
put 100 on black got 200 put 200 on
black got 400 400 on red and i think i
did it four times
and i won four times i just thought i'm
up on vegas forever now if i just walk
away
yeah the way the way gambling works for
people that don't gamble a lot is
essentially you go up
to a complete stranger in front of other
people and you give them an amount of
your money like
a hundred bucks let's say and then you
say do something complicated in front of
me and then keep that money and then
they do
that's typically that's typically how it
works
and then you go thank you thank you i
don't exactly understand why i don't
have my hundred dollars anymore but
uh people around me seem to be having
fun so i guess i am too
dan was like annoyed by my luck so he he
then went in
i think i'm on a couple of them he was
betting against me uh and he lost twice
and then he was
and then we were like well you know if
if you put that money in again and you
win
uh be like uh nothing ever happened and
he kept doing it
it landed on green twice back-to-back he
was livid
oh it's a great way to lose though like
that's almost as good as winning that's
better than it just being the other
color
i want to lose gloriously if i'm going
to lose i just hate on roulette
a lot of the tables there's a screen
that shows all the previous results
yeah as if that has anything to do with
what's going to happen next
what is there to do is choice in your
mind yes
well you don't you don't understand the
mind you are not a gambling man gavin it
is
if there is four blacks in a row it is
universally impossible to be black again
it cannot happen
that's how that's a gambling brain works
you put everything in on red on that
play and
i don't know how rigged the tables are
like i assume that
they must be in a way i don't i wouldn't
i don't think so
i think they're rigged at all i just
think the games are so tilted for the
rule set the game the game is rigged uh
just in itself yeah yeah like you could
theoretically count cards to like
increase your probability of winning or
like making smart bets in blackjack and
it's just illegal like you just can't do
it they won't tolerate it
yeah how do they prove you're doing it
uh because you're betting them out so
like typically if you're
you want to see a majority of the cards
right so you're gonna be making small
bets and then once
the shoe becomes more beneficial to you
like there's a lot of face cards in it
or tens
then you start making higher bets
because you have a higher probability of
winning off of those hands
that just seems like a part of the game
to me i just don't understand it is
that that's but that's why i'm saying
they don't need to rig the games because
the rules are rigged within themselves
right it's
i wouldn't be surprised if you were a
multi-millionaire andrew just off
gambling oh
you just never told us well the reason i
know about your perfect roulette record
is i went like a historic 0 for 28 in
roulette place or
i just couldn't win like it
mathematically impossible like the five
blacks in a row
i couldn't win and i kept doing black
black i was like yo i was doing the
color thing
doing the the wesley snipes always been
on black thing i bet on black always red
always red no matter what i did
even in animal crossing there's a
roulette game you could play that was
red
i just kept losing on red so i talked to
you about roulette randomly and you're
like yeah i'm undefeated and roulette
every time i go to vegas i'm i've win
i'm like five for five
unstoppable you we went over four the
two of us
i'd ask you what color to put down and
then you're just like oh i guess it just
doesn't translate over
i guess i need to be there no i think we
need to be doing it in person okay
and i would be willing to come out of
retirement on a real-life roulette table
with you and you just bet with me and i
think we'll be in it either
you'll destroy everything i've worked
towards or
we'll just continue as normal and you'll
be you'll be up on it that'd be great
we're going to let's hope you don't
bring me down oh i'm going to bring you
down absolutely
if you guys if you guys win big in vegas
you need to immediately go and buy the
two
nicest ceramic tea kettles
to celebrate
i like this one like the like if if
if i don't know if like celine or hermes
or givenchy
makes a tea kettle yeah and if it's like
encrusted in
like diamonds and you need to buy it
i did that with um i didn't buy a kettle
this is just gambling
stuff um my guardian for rtx charles who
i now
work with one of my favorite people we
went to vegas for something
and um i was trying to convince him to
gamble he was like no you know i'm never
gonna do that it's not me i'm not gonna
do it
and i just sat down at a slot machine i
don't have anything special with slots
like i just
i just lose money in those and uh i just
play like kind of low amounts
he sat down next to me at a slot machine
and uh you know they come around they
offer you free drinks and stuff if
you're actually gambling but he wasn't
doing anything at his machine i was like
look
you're gonna sit here let's just just
put in a dollar just see what happens
and he was like oh fine like caving to
the peer pressure
he won six hundred and fifty dollars off
and he i don't think he ever spun again
i think he just cashed out and that was
it and i was like
man i've got i must be providing a
little bit of luck
so i i would love to test that out with
you andrew at
in vegas at some point i think my bad
luck counters your good luck and it's
not even close
as lucky as you are it's not even a
statement on how lucky you
i'm sure you're incredibly lucky i i
don't think i think i i overpower in the
back yeah i gotta agree with that i
think those
and those opposing forces andrews uh i
don't know
if it's luck or karma or whatever but i
feel like it's a lot stronger
yeah i don't honestly i don't think my i
don't think charles winning was my luck
transferring it was just
he's very lucky uh because when i
watched dan
play roulette he loses
yeah but come on it's dan the universe
has a sense of humor
[Laughter]
maybe he's like sub dog [__] level as
well god damn dude dan and i are on the
same level he just doesn't know it
probably
he's he's also a universe's [__] doormat
oh this is this is a good i'm having
this is a fun episode
do you think jeff we should start
recording in person
uh well how are we going to record with
andrew well i mean you and i could be in
person
i mean yeah that would be fun but i feel
like we'd it'd be an it'd be
like it wouldn't be balanced for andrew
i feel like we're all in the same
we're all in the same playing field when
we're when we're alone but i feel like
the dynamic would be weird if you and i
were in person but andrew wasn't
you might be right i'm just really
excited to do stuff in person
i don't know i'm not i'm not opposed to
it you know it's like that's how we do
the break [__]
stuff but how would you feel about it
andrew i think it would be a little
weird because the timing is just
different
for you guys like it's more immediate
like conversationally i think we're kind
of all equally in a delayed window
which makes this work i mean i'm not not
opposed to trying i think we'd have to
do it with headphones because
on the brake [__] it's kind of hard to
hear through the little speaker
i also don't know that you guys would
have benefited
by me being in person in front of you
last episode for instance
like you know well you weren't you were
you're paying a bill
because you would have been literally
not there
you know i'm gonna this is like we've
recorded a bunch because people are
going on like summer breaks i'm gonna
we're taking like a little
it's not gonna stop for the people we've
got like six this episode
will come out on august 4th are you
sorry yes
this is an august 4th episode you know
what i feel worst about in that whole
deal
is that the amount of time since we
decided to record the
bike trick it's it's been a bit of time
yeah like maybe a week but it's been
like six episodes
yeah we should do that this week we
should do it this week but it's not
gonna come out till
october at this point i think as long as
we've got it in the bag
yeah yeah as long as we got in the bag i
mean it's it to be fair to us too
every time we've tried there's been rain
and when you're dealing with when you're
dealing with bad ass bike tricks and a
drainage [__]
the ditch has got to be drained that's
all there is to it
that is a great point yeah yeah i do see
on the on the old weather map though
there's
there's some sun peeking behind a cloud
coming up really sweet
i uh well i'm i'm out of town next week
uh
i'm not around next week but i am around
today uh tomorrow and
and throughout the weekend so um we
could try tomorrow
yeah before the icon is a cloud with
lightning with a 90
chance
[Laughter]
it's weird does not want me to pull off
this badass bike trick
you know what though even if it's
raining it would add an element in the
slow-mo
that's true it would it would look
cooler you'd look like a very rad dude
jeff
why don't we just do it tomorrow no
matter what
well what is tomorrow wednesday or
thursday friday tomorrow's friday
yeah well it's it's not it's the isn't
he worried about the landing that's the
issue with the rain right is that why
i mean i'd have to go through listen if
it's not a boat it's a bicycle so i
th the bike's not going to go through
the raging river that is the drainage
if it's too wet uh yeah man
i am a busy i have a thing from 10 to 11
but other than that i'm free so right
after that i can uh maybe
i can head up maybe a little noon bike
trip a little noon bike trip
i'll get the phantom ready all right i
think i think that's all we need just a
lovely slow-mo we don't need any like
behind the scenes or anything no no no
no not at all uh
it'd be fun it'd be fun we'll just have
to make sure that it's you know i'll
i'll uh
i was gonna say i'll do it after this
but i gotta go into art and to work to
do
first night so i'll uh i'll check
tomorrow to make sure
the first is clear before you roll out
your phantom this has turned into like a
shuttle watch you're just doing a bike
trick i don't know why like we need
ideal
like perfect weather weather conditions
once again
do you want to be mission control yeah i
can't do the trick
if it's submerged sure that's totally
fair just
in my head it doesn't like i in my head
it's a puddle jeff at the bottom of like
a pool like a ramp it's not a it's not a
waterfall
but i'm sure it's i'm sure it is okay
what's this in my head that's the visual
i'm excited about it
i'm excited about it well that's all
that matters to me as long as you're
excited about it
this is great nice to be excited about
stuff it is you know what's weird when
this comes out
my birthday's tomorrow i don't know what
i'm going to do
your strength days tomorrow well when
this comes out that's how far ahead we
are
you're playing this is the 5th of august
my birthday is the 5th of august
hey let me be the first person to wish
you a happy 27th birthday and is it 27
it's 27. you got it right if you
wouldn't have second guessed it i would
have been impressed
i uh i'm just making sure i said it
right and i wish you a happy 27th
birthday before anybody else did i think
thank you yeah no you're you're
definitely the first
i have a gift for you guys as a thing to
celebrate to celebrate this
a big exciting kettlebell a bigger
we'll see we'll see how this gift goes
this is
as well established this is a redemption
year
for me last year a lot of things didn't
necessarily go the way i had planned
there were some pretty big obvious ones
the main one i'd say
is the fire extinguisher the fire
extinguisher bit did not go as planned
so i have a new fire extinguisher no way
i have a new fire extinguisher i have it
bagged up just like last time
he really is going all in on this are
you serious i'm going all in on the
redemption tour i got it in my hands
right now
i love that you did that whole mess of
whatever last episode
was next to a new fire extinguisher yeah
it was behind me so like when we were
talking about do we even want to do a
second episode it's like yeah we want to
do a second episode i got a [__] fire
extinguisher to bag ready to go
we're doing a second episode i can hear
the bag i'm trying to find the handle
through the back
are you gonna be videoing any of this i
i you do
like i need both hands on the bag to
hold even hold this
so let's you can just prop a camera
proper thing i don't
you don't you don't much like the kettle
gavin you do not know my reality right
now
i need i need to even just find
where is the okay so that's the nozzle
so where is the top is this a brand new
fresh fire extinguisher this is a brand
new fresh fire extinguisher i think
never before
been fired never before been fired it's
fully
charged what's that pressure gauge
reading oh it was
it was in the green it was solidly in
the grain that's where we want it to be
oh my god
we did [__] you minor league jack
that one went off
happy birthday it's an extended spray oh
yeah i mean it was a disappointment last
time i wanted to make sure i got it
there you go [__] fire extinguisher
for you
happy august was it all contained
oh yeah it's all cont i don't know like
i was i thought it was gonna fire
like a rocket was my concern so it's in
like 15 garbage bags
i'm surprised i didn't rupture any of
them i it may have
i don't know we'll find out
i can start opening it i mean it's going
to take a while it's like a russian doll
scenario
i love the way you do stuff you just
start doing it there's no build up
there's no countdown you're just like
yeah so i got a new fire
i'm actually i'm not gonna i open one of
these bags and i already i feel like
it's in the air i feel like my eyes are
starting to burn a little bit so we're
gonna
put it back in that bag and we'll we'll
deal with that problem later but there
we go
i feel fire extinguisher redeemed i hope
you will document this in
in photo form for us uh to put on the
instagram but something i will i will
take a photo of the bags and the
and the unopening of it when i get there
i'll take a photo of the kettle
as well i have some work to do maybe
with all this redemption happening
there'll be roulette redemption maybe
this is it all of this stuff will turn
your luck around
i could be it i bet if i picked a color
for you now it would win
yeah do you want to do that right now
yeah okay give me a second i'll i'll
log into my account nick can edit this
so it won't be an awkward long pause
although because i said that now he
probably won't and i'll just be
extended
[Laughter]
nick i'm glad you're back i miss nick
it's great having nick back
do you have a gut instinct gavin as far
as what are you feeling right now what
is your process or is it just like in
the moment you'll say
you'll know uh i know what i'm gonna say
and i feel like i'll just say it to you
in a moment
okay how much are you gonna are you
thinking about putting
how much do you think i should uh well
i'm gonna feel pretty responsible if you
lose so one dollar fifty
fifty dollars that's a lot well i can't
remember what we were doing last time
my bets with jeff on the nba were ten
cent bets did you want me to come out
roulette
i'll i'm willing to do 50 because of uh
the energy of the 5 000 guy
what what but last time you did roulette
and i made you lose
what did you lose i think 20. oh 20.
i think so yeah definitely not 50. 50's
uh that's a lot of ramen
that's a lot of ramen you should bet
enough that if you
win you can replace the bowl you broke
okay i gotta figure out inflation
i haven't seen a ball like that since
the 80s
i think it's that old um
what am i putting in what is the bet
amount what are we doing is it 50 is 50
the the roulette bet
what about a nice 25 so that you win 25
25 and you will do 25 we'll do 20
i sometimes do this anyway i call this a
free lunch bet
if i win i get a free lunch i'll buy
myself lunch don't have to think about
it if i lose
i'm not gonna have a free lunch make
something okay we're authorizing
deposit's successful okay we're going to
the live casino
good lord hey trying to piss everybody
off
okay should i share my screen
can i do that yeah okay let's do that
oh yeah i see it okay so here we go so
what are we doing
where are we going what's the bed kevin
black yep
oh [__] i didn't mean to put it there
okay there we go oh i was gonna say red
interesting i was hoping that gavin and
i would be on the same page we are
definitely not
click zoom in okay here we go but i've
been on black
we've been a black okay spinning
you're the worst oh
[Music]
it was red it doesn't translate at all
i think i need to be betting too i think
that's how we'll do it
now you have a system we couldn't have
the system before
i don't know why we just did that we
already knew it wouldn't work
i said black i never went on black
i maybe thought all the redemption would
would have turned your luck
no no
let's end the podcast happy birthday to
me
down 25 to start the day
i just made you lose 25 dollars again
yep
you sure did on the uh
hey on the bright side your one birthday
wish richer
you can always spend that and the show
i'm gonna get you a gift i'm gonna make
up for that i'm gonna send you something
you're gonna send me 25 worth of [__]
branston pickles you son of a [__] what
are you gonna do
wait wait wait you mean branson pickle
the condiment
the condiment yeah everyone's favorite
condiment
hey thanks for listening to the face
[Music]